FRotationMatrix is a struct in Unreal Engine used to represent a rotation in 3D space. 
It contains a 3x3 rotation matrix, which can be used to transform vectors or other objects that have a rotation.

In mathematics, a rotation matrix is a matrix that is used to perform a rotation in 3D space.
It is a special type of orthogonal matrix, which means that its columns and rows are orthonormal, i.e., 
they are all unit vectors that are perpendicular to each other.

In Unreal Engine, FRotationMatrix is often used to transform FVector and FQuat objects to apply rotations to them. 
It provides functions to create rotation matrices from FQuat or FRotator objects, as well as to extract FQuat or FRotator from a rotation matrix.

FRotationMatrix can be very useful when working with objects in 3D space, as it provides a way to easily apply
rotations to objects and transform them in various ways.

FRotator MyRotator(45.f, 90.f, 0.f);
FMatrix MyMatrix = FRotationMatrix(MyRotator);

In this example, we have a FRotator named MyRotator that represents a rotation of 45 degrees around the X axis, 
90 degrees around the Y axis, and 0 degrees around the Z axis. 

We then create a FMatrix named MyMatrix by using the FRotationMatrix constructor with MyRotator as the argument.
This creates a 4x4 matrix that represents the same rotation as MyRotator.

We can use this FMatrix for various transformations, such as rotating a FVector:

FVector MyVector(1.f, 0.f, 0.f);
MyVector = MyMatrix.TransformVector(MyVector);

In this example, we have a FVector named MyVector that represents a point along the X axis. We then use the TransformVector 
method of MyMatrix to rotate MyVector by the same rotation represented by MyRotator.
The resulting vector MyVector will now be pointing in a new direction determined by the rotation.

FRotationMatrix is a useful class for working with rotations in Unreal Engine.
It allows you to create a matrix representation of a rotation, which can then be used to transform vectors or other matrices.
